feat: initial work on advertisement, providers, and signing (#1)
web3-storage/ipni: README.md

# ipni

> Create signed advertisements for the [InterPlanetary Network Indexer](https://github.com/ipni/specs/blob/main/IPNI.md)

Supports single and [extended providers](https://github.com/ipni/specs/blob/main/IPNI.md#extendedprovider).

Derived from reference implentation in https://github.com/ipni/go-libipni/blob/main/ingest/schema/envelope.go

See the [IPLD Schema](./schema.ipldsch) for the encoded Advertisement shape. The encoding logic in this lib is validated against that schema.

## Single provider

Encode an signed advertisement for a new batch of entries available from a single provider

```js
import test from 'ava'
import { CID } from 'multiformats/cid'
import { createEd25519PeerId } from '@libp2p/peer-id-factory'

> import { Provider, Advertisement } from '@web3-storage/ipni'
> 
> // Link to the latest batch of multihashes
> const entries = CID.parse('bafybeiczsscdsbs7ffqz55asqdf3smv6klcw3gofszvwlyarci47bgf354') 

Reviewer: It might be nice for completeness to have an `Entries` class that just spits out an "encoded" object like `{ Entries: Link[] }`.

```suggestion
import { Provider, Advertisement, Entries } from '@web3-storage/ipni'
import { Block } from 'multiformats/block'
import { sha256 as hasher } from 'multiformats/hashes/sha2'
import * as codec from '@ipld/dag-json'

const ents = new Entries([
  CID.parse('bafkreigh2akiscaildcqabsyg3dfr6chu3fgpregiymsck7e7aqa4s52zy'),
  // ...
])
const entsBlock = Block.encode({ value: ents.encode(), codec, hasher })

// Link to the latest batch of multihashes
const entries = entsBlock.cid
```

Author: Raised issue https://github.com/web3-storage/ipni/issues/2

// Custom identifier for a set of multihashes
const context = new Uint8Array([99])

// a peer, addr, and protocol that will provider your entries
const http = new Provider(await createEd25519PeerId(), '/dns4/example.org/tcp/443/https', 'http')

// an advertisement with a single http provider
const advert = new Advertisement([http], entries, context)

// encode to IPLD form per schema
const encoded = await advert.encodeAndSign()

t.like(encoded, {
  Provider: http.peerId.toCID().toString(),
  Addresses: '/dns4/example.org/tcp/443/https',
  Entries: entries,
  ContextID: context,
  Metadata: HTTP_PREFIX,
  IsRm: false
})
```

## Extended Providers

> Encode an signed advertisement with an Extended Providers section where the entries are available from multiple providers or different protocols. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Encode a signed advertisement with an Extended Providers section where the entries are available from multiple providers or different protocols. 
```
